Spelling fix (#1239)
cardano-foundation/developer-portal: docs/smart-contracts/plu-ts.md

## Getting started

> Visit the [Get started with plu-ts](/docs/get-started/plu-ts) to install plu-ts using `npm` and setup your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Get started with plu-ts](/docs/get-started/plu-ts) to install `plu-ts` using `npm` and set up your project.
```
... like this error (plus a breach of formatting convention) on the same line, for instance? 🤔
